Subject: Dr Berg
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 11/21/2022, 11:15 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


Hanh,

Dr. Berg has a huge following and genuinely helps a ton of people, 
because of the combination of his simple presentations, their 
conciseness, and his accuracy of information.

The best things about him:

* He is scientifically correct about major ideas, such as the benefits 
of low-carb diets and fasting.

* His info is almost always derived from good sources, including books 
about science.

* Even when he may be incorrect, he doesn't advocate for anything that 
would lead to harm.  At worst, his suggestions might not work, but they 
won't waste money or cause injury.

The bad about him:

* He is not a real scientist, and does not think through "correlation 
versus causation."  This shows in some of his advocacy, such as pushing 
Vitamin D supplementation.  Vitamin D is a good example of a topic that 
is hard to get right.  The level of Vitamin D in the body is positively 
correlated with countless positive bodily functions.  But rarely are 
intervention studies ever done with Vitamin D, or any other nutritional 
studies.  Sunlight is very likely to be the real source of real benefits 
correlated with Vitamin D (which means that Vitamin D is simply a 
biomarker of sunlight exposure, the true benefit).  Dr Berg knows well 
about the benefits of sunlight, but he still pushes for the 
supplementation route sometimes harder than the natural route.

* He sells supplements and other things, although he does that in a very 
low-key manner.  He tends to push supplements a bit too much, although 
he does balance that out by advocating for food sources of nutrients.

I think of Dr Berg as a gateway drug into better sources of info.  E.g., 
Andrew Huberman and Peter Attia are both much better and deeper than Dr. 
Berg, but all in all, I do believe that Dr Berg is very conscientious.

Mark