Subject: Annalise
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 4/30/2023, 6:18 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


I explained things a bit out of order.  Here's the chronology of Saturday:

* I came to the house around 9:30 AM, but nobody was up.  Finally around 
10 AM, people started milling about.

* Around 10:30 AM, the three of us (including Dad and Annalise) went to 
a locksmith to make a backup car key for Dad.

* _Major event #1, talking with Annalise and Dad._  Then, we had 
breakfast at a Pho joint around 11:30 AM.

* We came back to Chipper around 1 PM.  Dad and I ditched Annalise so we 
could talk privately (we headed back to the locksmith).  Her constant 
chattering had been very annoying.

* We left her alone at the house for maybe around 30 minutes.  Being 
"alone with Ken," she got very annoyed with Dad and apparently that's 
when both she and Ken called the police on each other.  It was something 
about the cats, I guess.

* _Major event #2, the talk with the police around 2:15 PM._  This was 
described in my other email.

* _Major event #3, talking with Dad separately (Luxe Buffet at 
Westminster Mall)._  Basically I already summarized this in another 
email.  BTW, his diet is completely uncontrolled again.  He has no 
problem wolfing down tons of carbs.  And he insisted on eating at a 
buffet, just 3 hours after he already had breakfast.  He claims he is 
still on his meds

So, I'll describe Major event #1 (Annalise) as that's the only major 
topic not covered.  Think of this in terms of understanding Dad's 
psychology, since we aren't interested in her mental illness per se.
--------------------------------
The three of us were having a pho brunch.  I warmed Dad up around 15 
minutes before finally talking about the public guardianship.  I did not 
disclose to him that I knew about the Deputy Public Guardian business 
card left on his door.  I asked him if they contacted him yet, he said 
no.  I asked him if he knew Michelle's plan to recommend a public 
guardian and 24-hour care for him, he said no.  Basically, almost 
everything I said came as a surprise to him.  He was mostly silent in 
response, although he did show some initial emotion (anger).

Annalise mostly either did not understand or completely misheard what I 
was telling Dad.  Everything I said, she responded with some completely 
irrelevant anecdote from her life.  Since she was so focused on herself, 
at one point, I asked her why she no longer owns a home.  She never 
responded to the question, but she started saying that she and her 
husband used to own several homes.  And then he got into a cocaine habit 
and got in trouble with the authorities.  Maybe she was hinting at their 
losing their property because of his drug crimes.

She kept trying to talk about her latest restraining order request 
against Ken, which apparently was filed days ago.  I asked her what was 
the basis of it.  She didn't understand the question, I guess, so she 
said he stole $150 from her this morning.  Well, this was a surprise, 
since I was in the house since the time she woke up.  I looked over at 
Dad, and he smiled and said nothing.  (I read this as, he knows she is a 
nut but doesn't care.)

Annalise had gotten a retired lawyer, Mary, fresh from Texas (no 
California attorney license) to help her with her latest RO.  She said 
she loved getting the help from a "powerhouse," but she didn't 
understand everything else the lawyer was asking her to do.  She also 
did not like that Mary told her she needs to be in court to back up her 
accusations.

I asked Annalise if she intended to move up to NoCal with Dad.  She said 
she'd be inclined to, but that she wants to visit first, perhaps by a 
train trip.  Dad said she gets $3,500+ in social security, perhaps Mark 
could rent out a room to her.  So basically that is their thinking, that 
they want to be near each other.

Annalise being there was a big problem because Dad and I couldn't hear 
ourselves thinking with all her chattering. He initially accepted my 
framing of the issue, as public guardian vs. a family-based POA.  He 
aimed most of his displeasure at Michelle, and he hinted he thought Mom 
might be involved, because of Michelle mentioning she knew our family 
(i.e., social workers in a personal network).  He asked me how Michelle 
got involved.  I said I didn't know, but maybe neighbors reported 
problems to the social agency.

My conclusion regarding Annalise is that Dad is acutely conscious of her 
big social-security check.  They don't connect mentally at all, and in 
fact are annoyed with each other most of the time.  He was silent most 
of the time when she was chattering.  One possibility is that he is 
fairly calculating about using her, even with her jumbled mental 
functioning.

When his displeasure regarding 'public guardian' was aimed at Michelle, 
he accepted my framing of the issue.  But as I shifted the focus more on 
accelerating a POA agreement, he got defensive and started making 
demands:  a detailed plan was needed from Hanh, the POA needed to remain 
revocable, etc.

In summary, all of this confirms:  (1) Dad and Annalise find each other 
useful.  (2) Dad does want to keep Annalise around long-term.

Huy