Subject: Dad's lifespan, Hanh's promise, and the upcoming train wreck
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 7/17/2023, 11:42 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>, Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>


Well, we had an interesting evening.

Dad may see better days ahead, but all I see is him getting weaker each 
day.  Dr. Pellegrino told me today that for a person in dad's condition, 
the *average* remaining life expectancy is about one remaining year.

I said this to Hanh multiple times and in different ways (such as, that 
some people do better than that).  Hanh then went on to blurt out in 
front of Dad that "the doctor says you have a year left."  That was 
extremely offensive.

With that thought in mind, Hanh promised Dad to visit him each remaining 
day of his life, even if he remains in OC.  Yet another offensive moment 
from Hanh.  I asked Hanh, "Even if Dad lasts four years and not the 
one-year average??"  Hanh without blinking promised in front of Dad to 
do so.  Dad is not Annalise.  Dad remembers important things.

With Hanh visiting Dad every day for maybe four years, maybe longer, or 
maybe shorter, and with Hien having no interest in "Huy's and Dad's 
stupidity" nor an interest to match Hanh's stamina, I very strongly 
suggest the two of you get it in writing, NOW, that Hanh will transfer 
all of her inherited assets to Hien.  Hanh, do it NOW.  Please.  I can't 
imagine after visiting Dad for four years that you'll give away a few 
hundred thousand to a man of Hien's level of empathy.

I am not going to initiate a change of paperwork as long as Dad is 
getting so weak.  This is a train wreck waiting to happen.  And it's 
only between the two of you.

Best,
Huy