Subject: Update on Dad
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 5/17/2023, 2:23 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>, Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>


Hanh and Hien,

An update on Dad's situation.

* He signed over the POA and will be revising his Living Trust in the 
coming months to have Huy as the first successor trustee.

* Part of the POA is that I will take over all his financial 
responsibilities, including his mortgage and autopays.

* He is making stable decisions.  They do not change from day to day.  
He is able to articulate his reasoning quite well.

* He agreed to move out of his HB home and move to San Jose (with his 
girlfriend).  I plan to provide him $2,000/month so he can afford a 
place to live.  His girlfriend will help with assisted-living costs and 
be with him, but subject to my evaluation of her.

* I have established a rapport with Michelle Nguyen as well as Michael 
Wilhite and Kim Swanson.  Michael is the deputy public guardian 
(investigator) for the girlfriend.  Kim is the deputy public guardian 
for Dad.  Actually, both cases were closed after they interviewed me, 
but I have their phone numbers at the ready.

* Dad has not been driving, and he accepts that he seemingly accepts 
that he should not drive.  (Again, he is making stable decisions, IMO.)  
My plan is to sell his car and not bring it to San Jose.  I will also 
not allow the girlfriend to bring her car unless she shows me a valid 
driver license.

* I have a court case filed for Ken's eviction.  He is the problem 
tenant.  I expect he will be out by end of June or before.

* I have been in contact with HB police, after 40 police records on 
Dad's house in the last six months.  The cops and I emphasized to all 
parties that the shenanigans have got to stop.  This was *particularly* 
important in the case of Annalise, who reported Dad for physical abuse.  
I told her she must not do that, even if her allegations are true -- AS 
MOST CERTAINLY THEY ARE.  In fact, I emphasized to Dad that it is not 
okay to assault people, especially family and household members.

* I got access to Annalise's mental evaluation.  The doctor believed she 
has mild dementia, not schizophrenia.

* I will evaluate how Annalise does in San Jose.  If she gets out of 
line again, a termination of the relationship with her is always a ready 
option for Dad.

Last but not least, Mom encouraged me on all of this, including bringing 
Annalise to San Jose, until maybe a day ago.  But as of today she 
changed her mind and texted to Dad about the girlfriend being a crack 
whore.  She mentioned this belief in several texts to Dad.  At face 
value, it might seem ridiculous to call an 80-year-old woman that sort 
of thing.  Her texts confused Dad.  Dad and I tried to laugh it off, but 
you can imagine all this was confusing to Dad.  Dad and I agreed that he 
should block Mom until such time, if ever, she calms down.  I didn't 
tell Dad this, but Mom said that I should just send Dad to San Jose and 
"let him die without dignity."

Mom told me to do everything except the last bullet (she told me to send 
Annalise home).  So I told her that people don't work that way.

Although I believe I am helping Dad keep his nose clean, I know you 
don't agree and you are more likely to be on Mom's side.  I have 
restricted your access to the Dad folder to read-only.  I have nothing 
to hide from you two, so you keep on reading the content, or just exit 
yourself if you wish, but your input is restricted at this point, until 
you agree with my agenda to clean up Dad's affairs.  As the cops and I 
agreed, "The shenanigans have got to stop!"

Hugs and kisses,
Huy