Subject: News
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 5/12/2023, 3:49 PM
To: "Swanson, Kim" <kswanson@ochca.com>, Hanh Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


Kim/Hanh,

Here is a news summary of the last couple of days.

* I filed a TRO against Annalise on the morning of 5/12.  Decision will 
be known on 5/15 at 1:30 PM.  I'll stick around town because of this need.

* Regarding my father's most pressing anxiety (whose name is Ken -- the 
tenant):
    - Ken's 60-day period to move out expires on 5/13/2023.
    - I prepped all the eviction court papers for our father to sign, 
which will make him happy.  I expect him to fill the signature lines 
tonight, then he and I will file Unlawful Detainer with the court on Monday.
    - Ken texted me the following on Thursday at 1:06 PM.  Apparently, 
the event in question happened on Tuesday or Wednesday:  "Oh by the way 
mark I'm with my caregiver right now she's driving me around to do some 
errands and she told me that apparently just yesterday of the day before 
she was talking to some lady who who I guess lives on the same street 
and she said that that lady saw *your dad in the middle of Springdale 
Street looking very dazed* and kind of like not aware of what was going 
on not aware of where he was and she said that you know that's extremely 
dangerous for your dad to to be doing those things obviously you know 
that but I just wanted to let you know that seems your dad is really out 
of it"

* Our father has had breathless phone calls with both Hanh and me, after 
meeting you (Kim).  Literally, breathless! :-)
    - This weekend, I will present him with a statutory POA form, with a 
goal of filling it out as a Durable Power of Attorney.  The goal will be 
to have Hanh be the designee.

* Sounds like our father has been talking to Jason Ortiz and Lewis of 
"DriveByHomeBuyers.Com".
    - I didn't discourage this because he might become enamored of the 
*idea* of selling the home, which wouldn't be a bad thing.
    - Hanh and I think these people are low-ballers.  We will 
strenuously block any actual decision on his part to sell his home, due 
to his mental condition which can be taken advantage of.
    - Please note, he has been talking to other real-estate agents as 
well in the past several weeks.

Warm regards,
Mark