Subject: HB Trip Report
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 3/15/2023, 3:45 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


HB Trip 3/11 to 3/14
====================

Evictions
=========

Initially, I came to HB to help Dad with the court case of evicting
Ken.  But I put an end to the case for several reasons.  (1)
Annalise's ER records from 12/25 showed no diagnosis of physical
trauma nor any mention rape, although it did mention a possible
assault.  (2) The hospital record mentioned she had six ER visits in
the last couple of years, three of which were for mental evaluations,
which would have backed Ken's complaint about her being delusional.
(3) Ken was adamant about his innocence, and he had obtained legal
help.  (4) Ken's accusations of criminal behavior by Dad weren't that
serious, but Dad would have gone nuts thinking about it.

I also put an end to Dad's request for a restraining order against
Ken.  Dad seemed relieved that both court cases were ending, as
clearly he had been stressed out.

After ending both cases, I immediately started a 60-day eviction of both
Jeff and Ken (not of Annalise, because she's not a formal renter).
This only lasted a day.  Dad cancelled it, perhaps because of his
fall-out with Annalise.  In his mind, the conflicts are between
Annalise and Ken, and he can keep one of them, but not both.

Annalise
========

Dad and Annalise don't seem to like each other, but they are sleeping
in the same bed.  Who knows why.  Perhaps they feel safer that way at
night, given the situation with Ken.

On Monday morning, Dad had kicked one of the cats, followed by
Annalise calling him an SOB.  Dad was insulted by this and said he
wanted nothing more to do with her.  Yet, she was still tolerated in
the house.  I can't tell if he wants to kick her out or wants her
around, because of two opposing facts: (1) He cancelled my 60-day
notice issued on 3/14, which means he wants Ken around, not Annalise.
(2) He still seems to need money from Annalise to meet mortgage
payments.  She had funded $2500 recently.

As mentioned before, Annalise has very poor cognitive skills but high
EQ.  She seems to tolerate him and handles him well interpersonally
most of the time.

Annalise lost her ID.  She and Dad talked about "replacing her senior
ID."  That implies she also can't legally drive.

Ken
===

Ken is a high-functioning kook.  His opinion of himself is grand.  He
very often talks about the 5G conspiracy.  Apparently, he has been
planning a medical surgery on his swelling scrotums for years, but never
actually does it.

He appears to be a chronic liar.  I found out the basis of his demand
for $4k-$5k for move-out.  That is, he positions himself as a disabled
person (due to his impending surgeries and his elderly status).  This
then sets up a legal argument that the landlord must negotiate to
accommodate his disability.  Given that CA gives the benefit of the
doubt to the weaker party, it's actually a pretty good strategy.  But
this puts Dad in a position of having to be legally savvy in order not
to make mistakes that would upset any eviction proceedings.

Ken got the help of a lawyer.  The lawyer gave him advice but didn't
actually represent him in the case.  I emailed to "his" lawyer and got
a reply regarding such details.

In the future, if we evict Ken, it seems that the cheapest path is to
negotiate with him and give him maybe $2K and a little extra time to
move out.  That might be cheaper than hiring a lawyer.

DMV Suspension
==============

I barely talked to Dad about his DMV matters.  I observed he sometines
drives Annalise's car, sometimes his own car.

My guess about what happened: (1) The DMV probably asked him to
interview and undergo testing before he could get renewed.  Probably
he was afraid to renew, so consequently his DL expired.  (2) He got a
senior ID (7/23/2019).  (3) When the NoCal Kaiser doctor declared his
dementia, this was the first time of which he was aware that his DL
was explicitly suspended, hence his indignation.  Again, all of this
is guesswork.

Condition of House
==================

Smelly, extremely cluttered.  There was bad electrical work in the
backyard, which I fixed at Dad's request.  He also has bad plumbing
work he wants me to fix.  I might do that, as a way of keeping tabs
and talking to him on an ongoing basis.


I didn't look in Jeff's room nor Ken's, but the remainder of the house
is messy.  Dad's toilet literally has crap at the base and stinks of
urine.

Visit with Chu Y and his Wife
=============================

* I told Chu Y about Dad's grudge against him, due to the money
   allegedly owed by Chu Vui but Chu Y not taking sides.  Chu Y said he
   had to remain neutral because (1) they are both his brothers; and
   (2) they both had a point, no clear-cut right-wrong.

   Dad went into a real-estate deal with Chu Vui, buying three
   properties.  Two went south and were sold.  One was kept.  Chu Vui
   bought out Dad's share, by agreement, thus assuming all investment
   risk-benefit.  When that property went up in value, Dad asked Chu
   Vui to pay his commission costs (this is the amount Dad considers
   owed to him by Chu Vui).

Chu Y's view on elder issues:

* Chu Y strongly recommended that we see an Elder Care Financial
   Planner.  First, talk to one to gain an understanding of issues.
   Then secondly, bring Dad to talk with a planner.  He believes they
   will talk in a way that the elder can agree with.

* Chu Y says that if Dad can find a place to stay for 30 months, he'll
   be eligible for elder housing via medicare/medicaid.  It sounded
   sticky, such as Dad having to transfer his assets out of his name,
   which I'm pretty sure he won't want to do.

* Chu Y thinks Dad being caught driving by the police could be
   disastrous. (1) His car will be impounded.  (2) If found not to be
   criminal (because of mental incompetence), Dad could be ordered to
   stay at an assisted-living facility, funded by the state, but with
   his property transferred to the state.

   I am not sure if I got those details right, but the outline of it
   suggests where we need to do some research.

Miscellaneous
=============

Ken put real-estate agent Amy (714-553-8682) in contact with me.  She
is Vietnamese, probably looking for a good deal on a fixer-upper
(read: low-balling).  I told her that maybe we will be ready to sell
in four months.

Huy